Pattern Problems.

* Square Star Pattern

Inverted Pyramid Star Pattern

* Pyramid Star Pattern

Diamond Star Pattern

Hollow Square Star Pattern

* Butterfly Pattern

Downward Triangle Star Pattern

Hollow Diamond Star Pattern

Cross Star Pattern

Hollow Pyramid Star Pattern


Array Problems

Reverse an array in place.

Find the maximum and minimum elements in an array.

Rotate an array to the right by k steps.

Find the second largest element in an array.

Check if two arrays are rotations of each other.

Find all pairs in an array whose sum equals a target.

Merge two sorted arrays into a single sorted array.

Move all zeros in an array to the end.

Find the length of the longest subarray with a given sum.

Determine if an array contains a subarray with a sum of zero


String Problems

Reverse a string without using extra space.

Check if a string is a palindrome.

Find the first non-repeating character in a string.

Count the frequency of each character in a string.

Check if two strings are anagrams.

Implement a basic string compression algorithm.

Find the longest common prefix among a set of strings.

Replace all spaces in a string with %20.

Find the longest palindromic substring.

Print all permutations of a string.


Recursion Problems

Compute the factorial of a number.

Generate the Fibonacci sequence up to n.

Solve the Tower of Hanoi for n disks.

Print all subsets of a given array.

Find the nth term of a geometric progression using recursion.

Solve the N-Queens problem for a chessboard of size n x n.

Generate all valid combinations of n pairs of parentheses.

Perform binary search recursively.

Mathematical Problems

Check if a number is prime.

Find the sum of all prime numbers up to n.

Determine the number of trailing zeros in the factorial of a number.

Calculate the sum of digits of a number until it becomes a single digit.

Solve modular exponentiation efficiently.

Find all prime factors of a number.

Check if a number is an Armstrong number.

Print the first n perfect numbers.

Determine if a number is a palindrome.

Compute the nth Fibonacci number iteratively.

Bit Manipulation Problems

Check if a number is a power of 2.

Find the only non-repeated number in an array where every other number repeats twice.

Count the number of 1 bits in a number.

Toggle the kth bit of a number.

Find the XOR of all elements in an array.